Issue and PR-Template (#428)
OpenEnergyPlatform/open-MaStR: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue_template_bug.md

---
name: Bug Issue
about: For bugs and errors 
title: Your title should make sense if said after "The issue is <your issue title>"
labels: "bug"
assignees: ''

---

## Description of the issue

Describe the problem in as much detail as possible.
Focus on the expected and current behavior. 
If necessary, create a screenshot and insert below.

## Steps to Reproduce
1.
2.
3.

## Ideas of solution

Describe possible ideas for solution and evaluate advantages and disadvantages.

## Context and Environment
* Version used: 
* Operating system: 
* Environment setup and (python) version: 

## Workflow checklist

> - [ ] I am aware of the workflow in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/rl-institut/super-repo/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I am aware of the workflow in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/open-MaStR/blob/production/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```
